name?
How old are you?
Whats your Birthday?
What starsign does that make it?
Whats your favourite colour?
Whats your lucky number?
Do you have any pets?
Where are you from?
How tall are you?
What shoe size are you?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
If you were prime miniser/ruler of the world what laws would you make?
If you were a super hero what powers would you have? and what would your hero name be? and what outfit would you wear?
What was your last dream about?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
Would you like to build/design your own house?
Which form of public transport do you prefer?
What talents do you have?
Can you juggle?
Can you solve a rubix cube?
Do you have a cherished childhood teddybear?
Are you psychic in any way?
Are you a good dancer?
Are you a good singer?
Are you a good cook?
Are you a good artist?
Are you a good listener?
Are you a good public speaker?
Are you a good babysitter?
Are you a good mechanic?
Are you a good diplomat?
Are you a good employee?
Are you a good dresser?
Are you a good swimmer?
Are you a good skier?
Are you a good lover?
Are you a good musician?
Are you a good comedian?
Are you a good cleaner?
Are you a good actor?
Are you a good writer?
Have you ever been bungee jumping?
Have you ever been canoeing/kayaking?
What types of holidays do you prefer?
Whats the furthest you've ever been on holiday?
What was your favourite holiday?
Where would your dream holiday be?
Can you tap dance?
Whats your favourite zoo animal?
Whats your favourite sport?
Whats your favourite food?
Whats your favourite pizza topping?
Whats your favourite film?
Whats your favourite song?
Whats your favourite alcoholic drink?
Whats your favourite non-alcoholic drink?
Whats your favourite TV program?
Whats your favourite boyband?
Whats your favourite girl group?
What would be your ideal partner?
Do you want children?
Do you want a church wedding?
Are you religious?
Do you like reality TV programs?
Do you like TV talent shows?
If you were gay who would your life partner be?
If you could go back in time to change one thing what would it be?
How many hats do you own?
Are you any good at pool?
Whats the highest you've ever jumped into the water from?
Have you ever been admitted to hospital?
Have you ever had any brushes with the law?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever met any celebrities?
Have you ever been to Legoland?
Have you ever done something heroic?
Have you ever played a practical joke on anyone?
Have you ever been the recipiant of a practical joke?
What would be your best achievement to date?
Do you prefer baths or showers?
Do you prefer towel drying, blow drying or natural dryin your hair?
Have you ever built a snowman?
Have you ever been sledging?
Have you ever flown a kite?
What colour socks are you wearing?
If you could live anywhere, where would that be?
Have you ever been famous?
Would you like to be a big celebrity?
Would you ever go on Big Brother?
How big is your TV?
What is your most essential appliance?
What type of music do you like?
Have you ever been skinnydipping?
How many Pillows do you sleep with?
What position do you often sleep in?
What do you wear to bed?
How big is your house?
Do you prefer sunrises or sunsets?
What do you typically have for breakfast?
Do you like scary movies?
Whats your favourite Milkshake flavour?
Have you ever been in a newspaper?
How long can you balance on one foot?
Have you ever fired a gun?
Have you ever tried archery?
Whats your favourite condement?
Whats your favourite clean word?
Whats your favourite swear word?
Whats your least favourite word?
What was the last film you saw?
What football team do you support?
Whats the longest you've gone without sleep?
Whats the tallest building you've ever been up?
Do you have any scars?
Do you like marmite?
Did you ever win any sportsday events?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
If you could change anything about yourself what would it be?
Whats the longest you've ever grown your hair?
Are you scared of flying?
Would you rather trade some intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
Have you ever tie-dyed your own clothes?
How often do you buy new clothes?
Are you reliable?
Are you proud of yourself?
Have you ever had a secret admirer
If you could ask your future self one question what would it be?
Do you hold grudges?
If you could breed two animals together to defy the laws of nature what new animal would you create?
Do you decorate the outside of your house for christmas?
Can you solve sudoko puzzles?
Have you ever played conkers?
Whats the most unusual conversation you've ever had?
Are you much of a gambler?
Are you much of a daredevil?
Are you a good liar?
Are you a good judge of character?
Are you any good at charades?
How long could you go without talking?
What has been your worst haircut/style?
Can you iceskate?
Can you summersault?
Whats your favourite joke?
Whats been your best present?
Whats been your worst present?
Have you ever sleepwalked?
Can you build a house of cards?
Whats your favourite TV advert?
Can you play poker?
If your parents hated your partner you currently loved would you ditch him or carry on with him despite the protests?
Have you ever been professionally photographed?
Have you ever baked your own cake?
Whats your favourite fruit pastel colour?
What traditionally adorns the top of your christmas tree?
What would be your dream sandwich?
Can you inpersonate anyone famous?
Can you do any accents other than your own?
Do you have a strong local accent?
Whats your favourite accent?
In O's and X's which do you normally pick?
Do you prefer blue or black inked pens?
What was the last thing you recorded off TV?
What was the last thing you dressed up as for fancy dress?
Do you prefer green or red grapes?
What do you like on your toast?
Do you prefer liquid soap or bars of soap?
How do you have your eggs?
Whats your favourite saying?
Have you ever been in a tug of war? and did you win?
Can you stand on your hands unassisted?
What do you have on your fridge door?
Do you love or hate myspace?
Who was the last person to knock/ring at your door?
How old were you when you last went trick or treating?
Have you ever been bobbing for apples?
Whats your most expensive piece of clothing?
Whats the last thing you took a picture of?
Whats the last thing you drew a picture of?
Have you ever bought anything from ebay?
Whats your favourite smell/scent?
Can you blow bubbles with bubblegum?
What was your favourite birthday?
Can you curl your tounge?
Is your bellybutton an innie or outie?
What would be your dream car?
Are you left or right handed?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last song you danced to?
Have you ever owned a yo-yo?
Have you ever been on a pogo stick?
Have you ever been on a space hopper?
Who was the last person to send you a text message?
Have you ever accidentally injured anyone?
Are you scared of spiders?
in one?
Have you ever been banned from a public place?
How much spam email do you tend to get a week?
If you could learn any language fluently what would it be?
What historical Figure would you love to see in 21st centuary life?
As a kid were you ever frighted of a monster under the bed or in the cupboard?
Do you like clowns?
Do you prefer BBC or ITV?
Have you ever been surfing?
Have you ever been snowboarding?
Who was better, the Beatles or Elvis Presley?
Whats your favourite type of foreign food?
Which Foreign country do you dislike the most?
Do you like your music loud or easy listening?
Whats your favourite animated or cartoon program?
Do you sing in the shower?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Whats your prefered playing piece in monopoly?
Can or Do you still play twister?
Can you play chess?
Do you know the dance steps to an annoying cheesey pop song?
Do you prefer straight or bendy straws?
Have you ever entered a talent contest? and did you win?
Do you like poetry?
Are you a bad loser?
Which would you choose? Jelly or Ice Cream?
Whats your favourite type of Pie?
Whats your most used phrase?
Whats your most used word?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
What would your dream job be?
Which song do you hate the most?
How long does it take you to get ready?
What do you think the greatest invention has been?
Whats your favourite feature on the opposite sex?
Whats your least favourite feature on the opposite sex?
Who's your favourite Comedian?
What's your favourite board game?
Do you have any lucky items, objects or traditions?
Do you have any superstitions?
Whats your favourite Movie quote?
Who would win in a fight? Chuck Norris or Jack Bauer?
Do you have much of an ego?
Do you wear sunglasses indoors to look cool or stylish?
Are you a hat person?
Whats your favourite supermarket chain?
Whats your favourite fastfood chain?
Whats your first thought upon waking up?
What animal would you most like to have as a pet?
Whats your favourite type of tree?
If you could bankrupt one person or company who would it be?
If you could steal one thing without consequence what would it be?
Who's your favourite celeb with the same first name or surname as you?
If evil-doers invaded your country would you rush to the battlelines to defend the motherland or hide in a box?
Whats your favourite flower?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in the loch ness monster?
Do you believe in Aliens?
Do you believe the Governments hide technology and information from the public?
Which is your favourite pokemon?
What horror fiction character scares you the most?
Can you do 10 revolutions of a hula hoop?
Do you think Great Britain should have a National Day?
Do you think Great Britain should be part of a United Europe?
Would you want the Euro or keep the British Pound?
Were you part of the Brownies/Cubs/Scouts/Guides etc
Have you ever invented a fairly unique meal or drink?
Do you have any secret family recipes?
Do you have any family secrets? :o
Are you good at keeping secrets?
Have you ever been up in a hot air balloon?
Whats your favourite Sci-fi film/program etc?
When playing checkers or chess do you prefer to be black or white?
Which is better, a Pastie or Sausage Roll?
Do you prefer shopping on the high street or online?
Would you ever want to learn to fly?
Do you often read your horoscope?
Have you ever had a proper Tarot reading?
Whats your favourite brand of newspaper?
Have you ever milked a cow?
Have you ever used the phrase "back in my time" to someone younger than you?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
Which was the greatest Empire?
Whats the cleverest word you know?
Whats your favourite sportsware brand?
Do you buy any weekly/monthly magazines?
Who's your favourite Superhero?
Who's your favourite Villain/Baddie?
What was the last Album you purchased?
What was the last DVD you purchased?
What was the last piece of clothing you purchased?
When pulling crackers does everyone get one each regardless or whoever gets the big ends keeps all the prizes
Do you ever make your own greetings cards
Do you have a swiss army knife?
At what age did you twig onto the fact Santa wasnt real?
Whats your favourite fruit?
Have you ever done something really unbelivable, only to have no one around to see it?
Do you buy from charity shops?
Have you ever sold your services?
Have you ever raised money for charity?
Have you ever won a giant sized cuddly toy from a fair?
Is the glass half full or half empty?
Is the grass greener on the other side?
If a tree falls in the forest and there's no one around to hear it does it make a noise?
Why does it always rain on me?
Have you ever sailed a boat?
Do you love or loathe Harry Potter?
Do you do your utmost for the environment?
Do you love or loather Eurovison?
Have you ever weilded a sword?
If you were famous would you want a statue or a building names after you?
Whats your favourite type of fish?
Which do you prefer pony tails or pig tails?
Whats the ultimate cake topping?
Do you like marzipan?
Whats better? Center Parks or Butlins?
If you were in a band, what instrument/role would you play?
Can you erect a tent?
Do you suck or bite lollipops?
Have you ever used the yellow pages?
If you have an mp3 player what size is it?
Do you still have any music on vinyl or casettes?
Do you still have a camera that uses conventional film?
Approximately how many DVD's do you have?
Approximately how many Albums do you have?
Do you talk to yourself?
Do you sing to yourself?
Do you know any identical twins?
Have you ever given blood?
Could you ever be a medical guineapig?
Whats your favourite radio station?
Whats your favourite letter of the Alphabet?
Which is better? rollerblade or rollerskates?
Have you ever written a love letter?
How many valentines cards did you recieve this/last year?
What are cooler? Dinosaurs or Dragons?
Have you ever made your own ice lollies?
Have you ever made your own Ice cream?
Which forgeign language did you have to learn at school? and do you still remember enough to hold a conversation in that language?
Do you know CPR?
Do you have any swimming badges?
Do you prefer digital or rotary/analogue clocks?
How tall is the tallest person you know?
Have you ever got lost in a maze?
Have you ever been attacked by a wild animal?
Have you ever ridden a camel?
Whats your opinion on rats?
Have you ever been to a gym?
Have you ever been in a helicopter?
Have you ever cheated at a test?
Have you ever ridden a tractor?
Are you a gossip?
Have you ever cried at a film?
When you're ill do you struggle on regardless or just curl up in bed as
much as possible?
Do you need to write down things to remember them?
Do you keep a diary/journal?
Are you scared of thunderstorms?
Do you have any unusual fears or phobias?
Whats your favourite disney movie?
Have you ever slept in a caravan?
Have you ever painted a house?
Have you got green fingers?
Whats the tallest tree you've ever climbed?
Have you ever dialed the talking clock?
Do you always wear identical socks?
Do you live by any motto or philosophy?
Do you lick the yoghurt or desert lid?
Do you lick the spoon clean after making something sweet?
Have you ever made your own orangejuice?
Have you ever sucked on a lemon?
Have you ever licked a battery?
Are you a good aim with a rubber band?
Have you ever played golf?
Whats the most unusual name you've ever come across?
Do you prefer to wash in the mornings or evenings?
Have you ever danced in the rain?
Do you like long or short hair?
Have you ever sworn at an authority figure?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Whats your favourite precious metal?
Whats your favourite precious stone?
Could you ever hunt your own meal?
Have you ever read any comics?
Where do you like to go to on a first date?
Do you prefer vertical or horizontal stripes?
Have you ever baked your own bread?
Can you believe I can't believe its not butter is in fact not actually butter?
Can you name all 50 American states?
Have you ever owned a goldfish?
What was your favourite school subject?
What was your least favourite school subject?
Have you ever passed wind in an embarassing situation?
Have you ever played the bongos?
Have you ever handled a snake?
Have you ever assembled furniture by yourself?
When did you last go to the beach?
When if ever did you last go to london?
What do you do to cool down when its hot?
Whats the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Do you have a favourite mug?
Do you know any self defence or martial arts?
Who's your favourite movie action hero?
Have you ever ridden a motorcycle?
Do you collect anything?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Do you stick to conventional fashions or like to try and be original?
Have you ever given someone a handmade present?
Are you introvert or extrovert?
If you could have any feature from an animal what would you want?
Whats your prefered swimming stroke?
Have you ever been scuba diving?
Have you ever had a disasterous interview?
What makes you nervous?
Which of the 5 senses would you say is your strongest?
What colour are your eyes?
Have you ever been to an Art gallery?
Do you shout out the answers at the TV whilst watching quiz shows?
Are you a valuable asset on a Pub Quiz team?
Have you ever won any kind of quiz yourself?
Do you get over-involved with TV or movie plots at times?
Do you own any inflatable furniture?
Whats the highest hill or mountain you've ever climbed?
Do you have a piggy bank?
Whats the fastest you've ever travelled in a car?
Could you ever hand milk a cow?
Do you have popcorn with a movie?
Whats the futhest you've ever got a paper airplane to fly?
Have you ever built an igloo?
Can you play the harmonica?
Have you ever made a ball of twine or rubberbands?
If given the option of having a flake in your ice cream do you always take it?
Could you ever be a living organ donor?
Which was your favourite science? Biology, Physics or Chemistry?
Could you ever go out with someone just cause they're rich?
Have you ever contemplated sueing someone?
Are you pretty devious?
Are you any good at giving massages?
Whats been your worst date ever?
Have you ever slapped somoene in public?
Have you ever drawn on a sleeping or inebriated person?
Have you ever warn clothing with the labels/tags still attached?
Have you ever slipped on a banana skin?
Are you scared of the dark?
Do you have a lawyer?
Have you ever been wolf whistled in public?
Whats the worst chatup line you've heard?
Have you ever been water skiing?
Have you ever hopelessly failed a test?
If you had a year off, what would you want to do?
How many sms/txt messages do you recieve on average a day?
How long did you last phone call last?
Do you go to car boot sales?
If you saw someone drop a £10 note, would you claim it for your own or try to return it to them?
Have you ever helped someone across the road?
Have you ever been horseriding?
Have you ever walked a tightrope?
Have you ever demolished a wall or building?
If you and a friend both wanted the same thing would you let the friend get it first?
Have you ever argued over who should pay for something?
Do you have any family heirlooms?
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
Whats your favourite ocean?
Do you correct peoples mistakes?
Have you ever helped out an injured animal?
Do you throw bread for the ducks?
Do you think babies are little bundles of joy or smelly noisey things?
Do you give money to buskers?
Have you ever tossed your own pancake?
Are you any good at egg and spoon races?
Are you allergic to anything?
Are you ticklish?
Do you prefer tea,coffee or cocoa?
Do you like Turkish Delight?
Do you buy people presents to bring back when you go on holiday?
Are you tired of answering questions yet?
Have you ever been wheelbarrow racing?
Do you ever forward or reply to chain mails?
Do you often have a tune in your head you can't name?
Has anyone ever approached you thinking you were someone else?
Have you ever been approached by someone who knew you but you couldn't remember them for the life of you?
What do you do to keep fit?
Are you the sort to step in and try to break up a fight?
Have you ever been in a fight?
Have you ever started a rumour?
Have you ever heard any outstanding rumours about yourself?
Have you ever been in or had a food fight?
When its your birthday do you always wear an age badge?
Have you ever starred in an amateur or professional video?
If you were comfortbly rich would you work hard for more or rest on your laurels?
Have you ever been in a position of authority?
Have you ever been caught in a comprimising position? even despite a valid explanation?
Have you ever tried to make your own alcohol?
If you were ruler of your own country what would you call it?
And what title would you give yourself?
If you invented a monster what would you call it?
And what features would it have?
Have you ever had a dream you chased only to be let down when you achived it?
Is there anything about the opposite sex you just don't understand or comprehend?
Who was your favourite teacher at school and why?
Whats your favourite party game?
Is it acceptable or unacceptable to smack a child as form of disapline?
Can a hetrosexual male ever wear pink?
Is it criminal to wear socks with sandals?
If you were captain of a ship, what would you call it?
If you were to join an emergency service which would it be?
If you were to join one of the armed forced which would it be?
Whats the worst thing about being your gender?
Whats the best thing about being your gender?
If you swapped genders for a day how would you spend it?
If you were exiled what country would you choose as your new home?
Have you ever made someone cry?
Have you ever starred in a school play?
Were you a member of any celebrity fanclub?
Have you ever been a member of any other club?
If you could have a full scholarship to any university what would you choose to study?
Whats been your greatest ever day?
What historical period would you like to live in if you could go back in time?
What would you bring along to an idillic picnic?
Whats your favourite childrens story?
What movie ending really frustrated you? And how would you change it?
What three things do you think of most each day?
What do you call your evening meal? Dinner Tea or Supper?
What do you call your after meal sweet? Pudding or Dessert?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
Have you ever got sweet revenge on anyone?
Have you ever been to a live concert?
Have you ever been to see stand up comedy?
Have you ever needed stitches?
If you could invent brand new baby names what would they be?
Do your dreams ever tell you to do anything?
Who's your favourite radio 1 DJ?
Whats the best way to your heart?
Do you know your own mobile phone number off by heart?
If you were a fashion designer, what style of clothing or accessories would you design?
Do you ever laugh at things you shouldn't?
Have you ever been in a submarine?
Have you ever walked out of a cinema before the film was done?
What song would you say best sums you up?
Do you have any old friends wou wish you could meet up with again?
Whats your favourite Nursury Rhyme?
Do you prefer metric or imperial measurements?
Who's your favourite monarch of all time?
What was the last thing you ate?
Whats your favourite farmyard animal?
If you could choose one celebrity to be the father/mother of your child who would it be?
What would you do if someone proposed to you tomorrow?
What are your 3 favourite internet sites?
How high can you jump?
Which fictional character do you wish was real?
Who was your first crush?
Whats the greatest thing about being your nationality?
Whats the least greatest thing about being your nationality?
Do you believe in destiny, fate or free will?
If you could talk to one species of animal which would it be?
If you had friends round what DVD's would you have to watch?
Do you like vanilla or chocolate?
Are you a giver or a receiver?
Do you have any enemies?
Are you scared of needles?
How many piercings do you have? if any
Have you ever got majorly lost trying to get somewhere?
How fast can you say the alphabet?
Do you say "Zee" or "Zed" to describe the letter Z?
What was the last thing to make you feel happy?
What was the last thing to make you feel angry?
You are walking to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss told you if you are late one more time you're fired. Do you save the dog?
Are you the kind of friend you'd want to have as a friend yourself?
Do you have any questions or queries about things you're just to scared or embarassed to ask anyone about?
If you were a wrestler what would your stage name be? and what would your special move be called?
Whats the most interesting thing you can see out of your nearest window?
Do you think Barbie is a negative role model for young girls?
Have you ever needed an eye test?
Do you find yourself attractive?
Can you roll your R's?
What social class do you consider yourself or your family background to be in?
Do you know any magic tricks?
Whats the largest amount of money you've ever won?
Whats the largest amount of money you've spent in one spree?
Whats the largest amount of money you've had to borrow off of a friend or family member
Have you ever been on a cable car?
Do you prefer Honey or Jam?
Do you prefer the French or Germans?
How fast can you get changed?
How fast do you type?
How fast can you run?
Which is better, Mario or Sonic?
Whats your favourite biscuit to dunk?
Which would you rather have if you had to, a broken leg or a broken arm?
Do you read a daily newspaper?
Do you watch the news on TV?
Have you ever had anything published?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
How many remote controls do you have in your house?
Have you ever been in a hot tub or sauna?
Have you ever had chicken pox?
Do you own a lava lamp?
Are you glad these are almost over?
On a scale of 1-10 how random would you say these are?
What is your one major weekness?
Whats been the best descision you've made in your life so far?
Whats been the worst descision you've made in your life so far?
What words do you always struggle to spell correctly?
On a scale of 1-10 how happy would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how smart would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how funny would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how devious would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how awesome would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how devilsh would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how nice/caring would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how bitchy would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how polite would you say you are?
On a scale of 1-10 how attractive would you say you are?
If you could be any famous person who would you be and why?
Whats your favourite animal beginning with the letter A?
Whats your favourite item of clothing beginning with the letter B?
Whats your favourite expleitive beginning with the letter C?
Whats your favourite boys name beginning with the letter D?
Whats your favourite girls name beginning with the letter E?
Whats your favourite book beginning with the letter F?
Whats your favourite bodypart beginning with the letter G?
Whats your favourite musical instrument beginning with the letter H?
Whats your favourite song beginning with the letter I?
Whats your favourite actress beginning with the letter J?
Whats your favourite actor beginning with the letter K?
Whats your favourite film beginning with the letter L?
Whats your favourite tv show beginning with the letter M?
Whats your favourite game beginning with the letter N?
Whats your favourite non alcoholic drink beginning with the letter O?
Whats your favourite food beginning with the letter P?
Whats your favourite band beginning with the letter Q?
Whats your favourite author beginning with the letter R?
Whats your favourite sport beginning with the letter S?
Whats your favourite job beginning with the letter T?
Whats your favourite mythical creature beginning with the letter U?
Whats your favourite alcoholic drink beginning with the letter V?
Whats your favourite cartoon character beginning with the letter W?
Whats your favourite word beginning with the letter X?
Whats your favourite city beginning with the letter Y?
Whats your favourite country beginning with the letter Z?
Do you get seasick?
If you discovered a new species of dinosaur what would you call it?
Do you own a paddling pool?
What do you consider is the most important piece of furniture in a house?
What do you consider is the most important appliance in a house?
If you could have any celebritys hair whos would it be?
Which Celebrity do you find the most annoying?
What potential talents do you think you might have if you worked at them?
Who was better, Flipper, Lassie or Skippy?
If you could be trained up in any profession of your choice by top professionals what profession would you choose?
If someone elses child was being an annoying little runt would you go tell them off or do something about it?
Do you believe in kharma?
Do you believe in revenge?
Do you believe in fairies?
Do you believe in a god?
Do you believe there used to be dragons?
Who would you want to be with on a desert island?
What's the worst show on television?
Who's your favourite god from ancient history?
What one device would you want to see added to a mobile phone?
Where do you see yourself in 1 months time?
Where do you see yourself in 1 years time?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years time?
What was the best thing about your old school?
What was the worst thing about your old school?
If you could change your name to anything what would your new name be?
Do you watch too much tv?
Have you ever planted a tree?
Whats the heaviest thing you can lift?
What was the last present you recieved?
Are your ears lobed or attached?
How often do you wash your ears?
Could you go out with someone who had a child from a previous relationship?
What was your first alcoholic drink?
What was your first job?
What was your first mobile phone?
What is your first proper memory?
Who was your first teacher?
Where did you go on your first ride on an airplane?
Who was your first best friend?
What was your first detention for?
Whats your strongest voluntary muscle?
Who was your first kiss?
What was the first film you remember seeing at the cinema?
What thing that you've made are you most proud of?
Could you ever be someones bodygaurd?
Michelangelo's David... Masterpiece or filth?
Do you like other people buying you clothes?
Have you ever brought a present for someone that they hated/disliked?
What nicknames do you have/have had?
Did you have any pretend or imaginary friends?
Have you ever seen a therapist/shrink?
Have you ever carved a pumpkin?
Would you say you are a good or bad influence to others?
Do you prefer giving or recieving gifts/help etc
If you were a member of the spice girls, what would your spice handle be?
If you were to become a famous singer, what would your debut album be called?
If you could join any music group which would you want to join?
What do your parents do?
If you were a giant mega monster what city would you rampage?
Did you ever have a treehouse as a kid?
Is your dad an embarassing dancer?
Do you plan to vote in the next election?
If you could replace one bodypart with a super bionic replacement what bodypart and what features would the new bionic replacement have?
What if any unusual objects have you swallowed?
When you buy something new do you get a desire to use/play with it even when they dont have any physical application yet?
Did you understand the Matrix Trilogy?
Would you rather be the fella in a movie who gets the girl or the baddie with all the good lines?
If you were stinking rich, would you only go to places other rich people went?
Would you rather have a mans top half and a womens bottom half or visa versa?
Rebound relationships, good or bad?
Have you ever owned a slinky?
Teenage parents, good bad or indifferent?
Whats the most expensive thing you've ever broken?
Pirate downloads, good or bad?
Democracy, good or bad?
Communism, good or bad?
Have you ever been electrocuted?
Have you ever been attacked with a creamy bakery product?
Have you ever shawn a sheep?
Have you ever accidentally set fire to yourself?
Have you ever eaten a whole tube of pringles by yourself?
Have you ever been hit on by someone of the same gender?
The war in Iraq, good or bad?
The war in Afganistan, good or bad?
Have you ever appeared on youtube?
Have you ever performed in front of a large audience?
Have you ever eaten anything prepared by a celebrity chef?
Have you ever been on radio?
Did your school make a teatowel that everyone submitted to?
What colour/style was your school tie?
Do you have to wear glasses?
Do you bite your nails?
Do you prefer male or female singers voices?
Would you rather be the worlds greatest football player or lover?
Do you get hayfever?
Do you have a list of things to do before your 'x' years old?
Do you like your age?
Whats your favourite physical thing you like about yourself?
Whats your least favourite physical thing you like about yourself?
Are you proud, comfortable or ashamed of your body?
Whats your favourite personality trait you like about yourself?
Whats your least favourite personality trait you like about yourself?
Do you know html?
Have you ever flown first class?
How many languages do you speak?
What are better, violins or pianos?
What compulsions do you have?
What makes you angry?
If you could see any band, which would you like to see?
Who would you say are more attractive, English or Europeans?
What would you say is your favourite album of all time?
Do you dislike hairy people?
Are you much of an adventurer?
Do you like your own name?
Would you ever sign a Prenuptial agreement?
How long has your longest ever phone call been?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Could you ever have an affair with a married person?
Could you ever split up a couple for one reason or another?
What is your family christmases like?
Do you prefer sporty or academic members of the opposite sex?
How much would it cost to buy your love?
Who was your least favourite teacher at school and why?
Whats your current Mobile phone model and do you like it?
Have you already thought about your babies names?
Have you ever been fishing?
Have you ever had your national flag painted on your face?
Do you have any strange body things?
What was the last social faux pas you made?
What makes you nostalgic?
Whats the scariest thing you've ever done?
What fairy tale character would you most associate with?
How much do you tend to swear in public?
What are your strengths?
What are your weaknesses?
What brand are your trainers?
If you ruled your own country, who would you get to writer your national anthem?
Who is the most intelligent person you know?
Whats the craziest thing you've ever done for someone?
How did you get your name?
Whats the best piece of advice anyone has ever given you?
If you had to describe yourself as a flavour, what would it be?
If you had to describe yourself as a car, what would it be?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, what would it be?
Do you think laughing at someone elses misfortune is wrong?
If a loved one was to serenade you, what song would you most like them to sing?
Would you ever let your parents pick out a partner for you?
Where are you from?
Where do you live?
How many siblings do you have?
Are you in a relationship?
What do you do?
Do you have any nicknames?
Where do you study?
How old are you?
What’s your favourite color?
What’s your favourite food?
What’s your favourite movie?
What’s your favourite TV show?
What’s your favourite game?
How tall are you?
What’s your weight?
Who was your first crush?
Who was your first partner?
What is your birth of date?
What are your future plans?
Do you like or hate your job?
What’s your hobby?
What are your talents?
If you were to wish for superpowers, what would they be?
What would your superhero name be?
What team would you join after becoming an superhero? (Avengers, Justice League etc)
Would you reveal your identity to the world?
If you had superpowers, would you misuse them for your own purposes?
How would your superhero costume look like?
Where would your secret superhero hideout be?
How would your hideout look like?
If you were to choose any superhero to become your sidekick, who would it be?
If you were to choose any superhero as your enemy, who would it be?
If you were to assemble a new superhero team, which superheroes would you include in them?
What would your superhero car look like?
Would you rather live a normal life or a weird life?
Would you sacrifice yourself to save other people?
If you were to found out your loved one is a evil mastermind, would you stop them or join their side?
Are you a psychic in any way?
Most embarrassing thing to happen to you?
Funniest thing to happen to you?
Scariest thing to happen to you?
Best thing to happen to you?
What your shoe size is?
What is your favourite outfit?
Do you prefer to wear eastern or western?
What are your favourite type of shoes?
Are you a good actor?
Are you a good liar?
Do you prefer to live alone or with someone?
Your favourite job and why?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve done?
Do you have any family secrets?
Famous ancestors?
What’s your hairstyle?
What hairstyle do you like on the opposite gender?
How do you look without makeup?
What accessory on the opposite gender is a big turnoff?
Do you know how to swim?
Name of the highest building in your area?
Are you afraid of heights?
Have you ever gone parachuting or para-diving?
If you were given chance to paradive or go parachuting, would you?
Are you scared of the water?
Have you ever been on a speedboat?
Do you like traveling?
Do you have a habit of getting sick during travelling?
Best hotel you’ve lived at?
Worst hotel you’ve lived at?
Worst country you’ve been to?
Best country you’ve been to?
How is your country’s community?
Do you see any tourists in your country?
Post a picture of your country’s flag
If you were to design your country’s flag, how would it look like?
Do you go outside alot or not? (excluding work, school etc)
Where do you prefer to go when going outside?
Who makes plans most the times? you or your friends?
What sport you don’t know how to play, but want to learn?
Where do you see yourself in 1 month?
Where do you see yourself in 1 year ?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Where do you see yourself in 20 years?
Where do you see yourself in 30 years?
Where do you see yourself in 50 years?
If you could switch families, would you?
Are you close to your family or not?
If you were given chance to join politics, would you?
If you were given chance to change your country’s national anthem, what would it be?
What foreign country do you dislike the most?
What country do you like the most?
If you were to run away from your family, where would you run off too?
If you were in trouble, who would you go to first?
Who’s your crime partner?
Do you know how to keep secrets?
What do you prefer to waste most of your money on?
If you were to be deserted, what 3 items would you take with yourself?
Would you be ready to sacrifice yourself for your family or not?
If a family member, friend or a hot female were about to fall of a cliff and you could only save one. Who would it be?
If you could eliminate one social network from the site, which one would it be and why?
Your favourite social networking site?
Your least favourite social networking site?
If you were to make a social networking site of your own, what would it be about?
If you could make changes to any social network, what would it be?
Your most liked picture on Facebook?
Your least liked picture on Facebook?
Your most sexiest picture?
Your most funniest photo?
Your most embarrasing photo?
If you could take a picture with any celebrity, who would it be?
Would you cheat on your partner with your favourite celebrity if gotten the chance?
What annoys you?
What embarrases you?
How much frequently do you get ill?
What’s the longest you’ve been ill?
What was the cause of you being ill?
Do you fake illness sometimes to avoid going to school or work?
What’s the shortest time you’ve been ill?
Worst disease you’ve gotten?
Do you have a family doctor or visit random doctors?
Are there any diseases that run in your family? If yes, which?
Longest you’ve been on bedrest?
What do you usually do when you’re ill?
Do you tend to google your problems?
Google or Doctor?
Ever had a bad accident? If yes, how?
How many times you’ve had accidents in your life?
Have you ever seen someone die right infront of your eyes?
If yes, how did they die?
Have you ever harmed your self?
Have you ever tried to attempt sucide? If yes, why?
Have you ever faced depression? If yes, why?
Do you prefer therapists or friends?
Something that most people don’t know about you?
Do likes on social networks matter to you or not?
If you were to become instantly famous on any social network, which one would it be?
What social network would you wanna avoid?
If you could talk to any celebrity on social network, who would it be?
Your opinions on sexting?
If you were to catch your partner cheating, what would be your reaction?
Do you prefer friends over family or family over friends?
What do you think is the greatest invention and why?
Are you more of a friendly or a rude person?
Do you prefer countryside or the city?
If you were a farmer, what would you grow?
If you had a chance to move to the countryside away from city, would you? If so, why?
Do you think countryside or city is better? Why?
How do you usually start conversations?
When it comes to socializing, are you the one to start convos first or them?
Are you awkward?
How would you approach your crush?
Why is your crush your crush?
Ways to your heart?
Do you think any kind of afterlife exists?
What do you think happens after death?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve had?
What’s the scariest dream you’ve had?
What do you usually dream about?
Do you discuss your dreams with other people?
Have you ever had a dream that came true later on?
What do you think about dreams?
How much do you cry?
Are you sensitive?
How many emails do you usually get everyday?
How many texts do you get usually get everyday?
How many calls do you usually get everyday?
Do you prefer to speak on call or texting?
What’s your favourite instant messaging app?
Do you backup your texts or delete them?
Do you usually delete photos in your phone or keep them? If so, how do you keep them safe?
our secrets with?
Are you able to keep other peoples secrets?
If you were asked to tell all your bestfriend’s secrets at gunpoint, would you?
What’s the most money you’ve ever held?
What’s the most money you’ve spent in a single day?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve bought in your whole life?
What’s the most cheapest thing you’ve bought?
Where do you usually buy your clothes from?
What’s the most expensive clothes you bought?
What’s the most cheapest clothes you’ve bought?
Best brand? Worst brand?
Your top 5 favourite brands?
If you could invest in any brand, which brand would you invest on?
Are you obsessed about undergarments?
Describe your best undergarment
Where do you usually buy your undergarments from?
Why is it that women are comfortable with men looking at them in bikini, but not in undergarments?
Do you prefer cheap or expensive clothes?
Jeans or trousers?
Do you prefer modest or revealing clothes?
Eastern or western clothes?
Post a picture of your makeup
Name of the makeup’s brand you usually buy?
What’s the most expensive make up you’ve bought?
What’s the cheapest make up you’ve bought?
Post a picture of you in makeup
Post a picture of you without makeup
Do you wear wakeup to school or not?
Post a picture of you in your funniest shirt
Post a picture of you in your best shirt
Post a picture of you in your worst shirt
If you could shop from one brand for free forever, which one would it be?
If you were given a wish to bankrupt one company, which company would you bankrupt?
Where do you usually buy your accessories from?
What kind of accessories do you wear usually?
Post a picture of your ring
Post a picture of your necklace
Post a picture of your shoes
Post a picture of your earings
What’s the most money you’ve given away?
Do you spend money on your friends? If so, how much usually?
Do your friends spend money on you?
What’s the most expensive gift you’ve bought for someone?
What’s the most expensive gift you’ve recieved?
What’s the cheapest gift you’ve received?
Has your gift ever been rejected?
What game do you prefer to play 21 questions or truth/dare?
What questions do you usually ask a person to get to know them?
Would you rather forgive or take revenge?
Are you good at forgiving people?
Have you ever done something bad to anyone that you regret?
Has you ever experienced Karma? If so, how?
Do you celebrate birthdays?
How did you celebrate your previous birthday?
Plans for your next birthday?
Have you ever been surprised for your birthday?
What was the best gift you recieved on your birthday?
What was the worse gift you recieved on your birthday?
How do you usually celebrate your birthdays?
What do you usually gift others on their birthday?
If you were to own a shop, what would you sell?
Have you ever crushed on someone else during a relationship?
How would you react if you and your partner were to breakup?
How long does it take you to get ready?
What type of holidays do you prefer?
What was your greatest day and why?
Do you prefer eastern or western food?
What is your favourite eastern food?
What is your favourite western food?
Favourite fast food?
How much do you eat fast food?
Do you like salad or not?
How healthy is your diet?
Do you prefer to eat at home or dine outside?
How much money do you usually spend on food everyday?
Are you obsessed about food?
What kind of food do you hate?
What do you like for deserts?
Favourite shake?
Any family secret recipes?
What do you think is Kentucky’s secret?
Do you know how to cook? If so, what food can you cook?
The most delicious food you’ve ever cooked?
The worst food you’ve ever cooked?
Do you prefer to eat your own cooked food or food cooked by others?
Have you ever spotted an insect in your food?
The worst food you’ve tasted?
The best food you’ve tasted in life?
What’s your favourite restaurant’s name?
Favourite cheapest dish there?
Favourite expensive dish there?
Which restaurant do you prefer to date at?
Pizza hut or Dominos?
Prefer take away or dining in?
McDonalds or Burger King?
KFC or Rooster Chicken?
Favourite local restaurant?
Favourite franchise to dine at?
Cut chicken or whole chicken?
Pizza or lasagna?
Pepsi or Coke?
Biryani or Karahi?
Korma or Nihari?
What beverage do you prefer to drink with your food?
In your city, how much can you get with 1$ only?
What meat do you eat?
Meats you don’t eat?
What kind of food do you try to avoid eating?
What food are you allergic to?
What deserts do you know how to make?
What do you don’t know how to cook, but want to learn?
Where did you learn how to cook from?
Where do you usually get your recipes from?
Do you showoff the food you make by posting pictures of them on social networks?
What did you eat last time?
Post a picture of what you’re about to eat right now?
Post a picture of your most delicious food?
Favourite biscuits?
Tea with or without biscuits?
Biscuits or cookies?
Milk with or without cookies?
Favourite sweets?
Favourite cake?
What cake do you usually celebrate birthday with?
If you were given an opportunity to join MasterChef, would you?
If you were to join MasterChef, would you win or lose?
Who would you like your judge to be on MasterChef?
If you could become a chef at any restaurant, which one would it be?
If you were to make your own restaurant, who would you hire as your restaurant’s chef?
Do you like spicy or non-spicy foods?
What’s the most spicest thing you’ve ever ate in your life?
What’s the most saltish thing you’ve ever ate in your life?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever ate in your life?
Have you ever ate a bug or any insect by mistake?
What would your reaction be if you were to find an insect on your food?
If you were deserted and had nothing to eat but insects, would you eat them?
What is your favourite fruit?
What is your least favourite fruit?
What is your favourite vegetable?
What is your least favourite vegetable?
Do you prefer to eat food with or without ketchup?
Ketchup or mayonnaise?
Do you put ketchup over your fries or by their side?
Your favourite oily food?
Do you like barbeque? If so, what barbeque do you usually eat?
Favourite crisps?
Favourite crisps flavour?
Pringles or Walkers/Lays?
Crisps or fried chips?
If you were to make your own crisps, what brand name would you give them?
Do you prefer to eat silently or whilst talking?
Do you prefer to eat with TV On or Off?
What do you usually eat at Buffets or Weddings?
Do you prefer Buffets or table service?
Have you ever crashed a wedding?
Have you ever been caught whilst crashing a wedding?
Who would you ask to cater for your wedding?
What food would you have placed on your wedding?
If you were to spot someone crashing your wedding, what would be your reaction?
Any family traditions when it comes to weddings?
How long does it usually take you to cook food?
Do you usually make good or bad food?
Have you ever put salt instead of sugar?
Coffee or Tea?
A dish one should eat before dying?
If you were able to teach everyone one dish, which one would it be?
If you had the power to instantly cook any one food, what would it be?
What is something that you can eat everyday without getting bored?
If you had to eat one category of food for the rest of your life, what would you choose? (Meat, vegetables, fruits etc)
Meat or Vegetables?
Vegetables or Fruits?
What do you usually order at McDonalds?
What do you usually order at KFC?
If you could relive any moment in the past, what would it be and why?
How would you want your honeymoon to be?
How would you want your first date to be?
Qualities you’d like in your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Qualities you’d like in your husband/wife?
How many relationships have you had?
Most amount of time you’ve been in a relationship?
Least amount of time you’ve been in a relationship?
If you were given a chance to patchup with your ex, would you?
How much time does it take you to get over someone?
Longest time it took you to get over someone?
Shortest time it took you to get over someone?
Do you still have feelings for anyone from your past? If so, who?
Would you be ready to marry a stripper?
Do you prefer looks or personality?
Do you prefer money or looks?
What’s your favourite children’s story?
What was your favourite holiday?
What or who do you think about the most whole day?
If you had a warning label attached to your head, what would it say?
Where would your dream holiday be?
What’s your favourite sport?
Who’s your favourite athlete?
Would you like children?
Thoughts on cousin marriages?
Would you be ready to adopt a child?
Who would you want your children to look like?
If you were to get a daughter, what would you name her?
If you were to get a son, what would you name her?
Would you prefer a son or a daughter?
What do you dislike about your spouse?
What do you dislike about your BF/GF?
If you were forced to marry someone by your parents, what would be your reaction?
Arranged marriaged or love marriage? Which one do you prefer and why?
Best way to your heart?
What flatters you easily?
Do you believe in 2nd chances?
If someone was to break 2nd chance, would you give them more chances?
Do you get easily flattered by compliments or not?
How many compliments do you recieve usually?
What is your favourite pickup line?
What is the worst pickup line according to you?
Has anyone used any pickup line on you, if so which one?
The worst pickup line to be used on you?
Do you believe pickup lines work?
Do you prefer relationships or one night stands?
What is your opinion on relationships?
Maximum age difference between partners should be?
Do you prefer a younger or older partner?
Would you settle for a person with financial problems?
Do you support your partner?
Would you break up a couple for your own reasons?
Would you have an affair with a married person?
Your views on cheater?
If your partner who you extremely love was to be disloyal, would you break up with her?
What do you do not allow your partner to do?
How much supportive is your partner?
How would you react if your partner was to cheat on you?
Would you cheat on your partner deliberately?
Who would you want to lose your virginity to?
What do you think is considered cheating in a relationship?
What is a healthy relationship according to you?
If you were to cheat on your partner, would you tell them?
Are you religious?
How much do you swear around people?
What kind of TV shows do you like?
If you were homosexual, who would you choose as your life partner?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
Have you ever been arrested?
If you’ve been arrested, what was the reason?
Have you ever been admitted in a hospital?
Worst accident you’ve ever had?
If you could do anything illegal without getting arrested, what would it be?
Have you ever done something heroic?
Have you ever saved someone’s life?
Any regrets?
Have you ever been on TV?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
Do you prefer to be alone or with people?
Have you met any celebrities, if so which?
Biggest prank you’ve played on someone?
Biggest prank someone played on you?
Have you done anything in life to be proud of?
Have you ever been famous, if so how and where?
Money, love or luck. Which one would you choose?
What genre is your favourite?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
What position in bed do you sleep?
What do you usually have for breakfast?
How big is your house?
Do you believe in karma?
Ever gotten revenge on anybody?
What do you wear to bed?
If no one cared about what you wore, what would you wear outside?
Have you ever fired a gun?
What’s your favourite compliment?
What’s your favourite cussword?
What word do you say the most?
What word do you say the least?
What was the last movie you saw?
Who’s your favourite female actor?
Who’s your favourite male actor?
What’s your favourite movie quote?
What’s your favorite movie sequel?
If you were to make a movie, where would you make it?
If you could remake any movie, which one would it be?
If you were to remake a movie, what actors would you cast?
If you were to replace a character in your favourite movie, who would you replace with who?
Under rated actor who deserves to be famous in your opinion?
Who’s your favourite celebrity with the same birthday or name as you?
What’s your favorite movie beginning with the letter A?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter B?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter C?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter D?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter E?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter F?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter G?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter H?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter I?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter J?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter K?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter L?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter M?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter N?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter O?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter P?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter S?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter Q?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter V?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter X?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter Y?
What’s your fav movie beginning with the letter Z?
What movie would you wish to come to life?
Movies you think one should watch before dying?
Favourite actor who has not won a oscar yet?
Favourite cartoon?
Favourite cartoon character?
Any cartoon character that you had a crush on?
Which cartoon character resembles you the most?
Which cartoon did you used to watch the most?
Your least favourite cartoon?
Your favourite cartoon movie?
Do you watch talent shows? If yes, which?
Do you watch comedy shows? If yes, which?
Comedy shows or Talent shows?
If you were to make a talent show of your own, what would it be about?
Do you watch Reality shows? If yes, which?
Your opinion on reality shows?
If you were given a chance to star in a reality show, would you?
Do you watch dramas? If yes, which?
How I met your Mother or Friends?
Who was your favourite character in how I met your mother?
Who was your favourite character in Friends?
If you were given a chance to star in any tv show, which one would it be?
Do you prefer shows with a good storyline or just good looking cast?
How many episodes do you usually watch everyday?
What’s the longest amount of TV episodes you’ve watched in a day?
How long does it take you to complete a show?
How long does it take you to complete one season?
Do you prefer TV shows or Movies?
If you could make the whole world watch one tv show of your choice, which tv show would it be?
If you could make the whole world watch one movie of your choice, which movie would it be?
What movie would you never wish to come to life?
Do you believe in supernatural stuff such as ghosts, demons etc?
What came first, chicken or egg?
If zombies or aliens were to invade your country, what would you do?
Do you believe aliens exist, if so why?
If someone was to make a movie about your life, what would be it’s movie title?
What horror movie scared you the most?
What comedy movie made you laugh the most?
If you were given the chance to date a celebrity while in a relation, would you ditch your partner for the celeb?
If you could live the life of any one celebrity in the world for a day, who would you choose and why?
Your least favourite celebrity?
If you could watch one tv series all over again from the start, which one would you watch?
If you could forget a movie and be able to watch it all over again, which one would it be?
If someone was to make a movie about you, which celebrity would you pick to play as you?
If you could sleep with any celebrity, who would it be and why?
What football team do you support?
If you could change any movie’s endings, which one would it be?
If you were to make your own football team, what would you name it?
If you were to pick any 10 players from any football team in the world for your team, who would you pick?
What’s your favourite stadium?
What’s your favourite board game?
Do you prefer UNO or Monopoly?
Do you usually win or lose at board games?
Do you prefer to play virtual games or board games?
Do you know how to play chess?
If you could play your favourite board game with anyone in the world, who would it be?
Do you think board games depend more on luck or skills?
What’s your lucky number?
Do you have any favourite objects? if so, what is it?
What is the most valuable object you have in your home?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Have you ever had something precious stolen from you?
What is your favourite song and why?
Do you have any song that relates to your partner, if so what is it?
What song relates the most to your life?
What instrument you don’t know how to play, but want to learn?
What’s your favourite musical
If you were to make a music video, who would you cast?
If you were to make a music video, where would you shoot the video?
Do you listen to music for their lyrics or for the music?
Who’s your favourite rapper?
If you could bring any dead singer back to life, who would it be?
Which singer do you hate the most and why?
If you were to sing a song, what would it be about?
Your opinion on disney singers?
Selena Gomez or Taylor Swift?
Zac Efron or Ian Somerhalder?
What is your favourite club song?
What is your favourite driving music?
What is your favourite music to listen to for relaxation?
What song would you like to be played on your wedding?
What was the first song you danced to?
What was the first song you danced to with your partner?
What was the first song you ever listened to?
What is your favourite breakup song?
What is your favourite emotional song?
What is your favourite rock song?
What song do you listen to for motivation?
If you could attend any singer live, who would it?
If you were to get free ticket to take anyone with you to a music concert, who would it be?
The most embarrasing song?
The funniest song you’ve ever heard?
Ever been to a live concert?
Which music instruments do you know how to play?
Are you a good or bad student?
Who’s your favourite teacher?
Have any of your teachers/classmates ever been involved in any scandals?
Ever had a crush on any of your teachers?
Would you date your teacher if you had the chance?
What’s your favourite subject?
What’s your least favourite subject?
What subject are you the most good at?
Any foreign languages you’ve learnt at school?
Were you active or inactive at school?
Which country would you love to study at?
How would you rate your country’s education?
Favourite scientist and why?
Least favourite scientist and why?
Favourite person that changed the whole world?
The best invention that changed the whole world?
Were you bullied at school?
Were you popular in school?
How many people did you date in school?
Favourite memory from school?
Least favourite memory from school?
Did you ever cry in school and why?
If your teacher was to hit you, how would you respond?
Do you think hitting students for discipline is acceptable?
What kind of person were you at school? Nerdy, intelligent etc
If you could live the life of any historical person, who would it be?
Have you ever made someone cry?
If you were to be offered full scholarship for any university, which one would it be?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done in school?
Were your parents ever called by the school. If so, for what reason?
What was your teacher’s impressions on you?
What were your classmate’s impression on you?
If you got accepted into Hogwarts, would you go or not?
What was your favourite activity at school?
What do you prefer to do most of the time at school?
Business, Arts, Engineering or Medical. Which one do you prefer and why?
Are you happy with the course you are taking right now?
If your parents were to force you to study something you’re not interested in, what would be your reaction?
If you could study only one subject for life, which one would it be?
If you could get rid of one subject from this world permanently, which one would it be?
Do you think school is useful or not?
Are you able to study at school?
Are you popular in school?
If someone was to bully a classmate, would you stand up for him?
If your classmate was to do something bad in school, would you snitch on him to the teacher?
Have you ever snitched on anyone in school?
Things you dislike about your institute?
Things you like about your institute?
If you could swap institute, which one would it be?
Are you happy with the current institute you’re going too? If no, why?
If you could swap teachers, who would you swap them with and why?
What do you usually do at break time?
Most memorable moment at school?
If you go on a field trip with your whole class to anywhere, where would you go?
Are you still in contact with friends from your previous institutes (kindergarten, primary etc)?
If you were offered to skip a grade, would you?
Did you fake ill to avoid school?
What’s the best excuse you’ve used to avoid school?
What’s the worst excuse you’ve used to avoid school?
Did your teachers believe you or not?
Did you do your homework/assignments on time?
If not, what excuses did you make up to get away?
Have you ever put the blame on someone else and got them in trouble?
Have you ever took blame for someone else, getting you in trouble?
Have you done anything illegal in school that teachers never found out?
How would you describe your teachers?
How would you describe your school?
How would you describe your school’s community?
Were you close to your teachers or not?
Were you on students or teachers side?
Have you ever became a school counselor, prefect or captain in school?
What house were you in at school?
Which life do you prefer more? school, high school or university life?
If you were to become head principal of your school for a day, what changes would you make to it?
If you were given the power to suspend anyone from school, who would you suspend?
Would you love to teach at your school in the future?
Thoughts on your juniors?
Thoughts on your seniors?
Who do you get along with more? Your class or the other classes?
Biggest achievement in school?
Do you prefer co education or same sex schools and why?
Is your school co education or same sex?
What’s your dream university?
If you found out you have been accepted into a big university such as Harvard or MIT, what would be your reaction?
Did you used bunk classes? If so, where did you go during bunk?
Have you ever been caught bunking classes?
What was your attendance rate in school?
Were there any illegal organizations in your institute?
If you were asked to join a gang in school, would you?
If you get bullied, who do you usually go to?
Do you tell your parents about your school life or not?
If you could change any one thing about your institute, what would it be?
If you were allowed a freepass to do anything illegal in school, what would you do?
How far is your institute from your home?
How do you go to school everyday?
Do you prefer to walk to school or take public transport?
What is the punishment for coming late to class?
If you found out you had to repeat grade, what would your reaction be?
If you were given a wish to get A on any one subject, which subject would you choose?
If you were forced to get a F on only one subject, which subject would you choose?
Which subject do you think is useful and why?
Which subject do you think is useless and why?
Do you prefer teaching or studying?
How good of a teacher are you when it comes to teaching your classmates?
If you were to gain full knowledge of any scientist, whose would it be?
How much do you pay for your institute?
Do you prefer Xbox or Playstation?
If you had to choose between xbox or playstation to recieve for this christmas, which one would you pick?
What’s the most expensive game you’ve bought?
What’s the most cheapest game you’ve bought?
Worst game you’ve played?
Best game you’ve played?
Most addictive game you’ve played?
Most hardest game you’ve played?
Most scariest game you’ve played?
Most funniest game you’ve played?
If you could live the life of any video game character, who would it be and why?
The most attractive video game character?
The least attractive video game character?
If you could bring any video game character to life to be your companion, who would it be and why?
If you could date any video game character, who would it be?
If you could bring one dead character back into the game, who would it be?
If you could kill one character in a game, who would it be?
Do you prefer to play as female or male in videogames?
What do you prefer, social life or games?
If you could live in any video-game world, which one would it be and why?
Are there any videogame which relates to your life?
If you were to make a game, what would it be about?
Would you want a proffesional gaming career?
Thoughts on earning money from playing games?
If you could only play one videogame for the rest of your life, which one would it be?
If you could improve any video game, how would you improve it?
If you could combine 3 video game worlds, which ones would you combine?
If you were to make all your favourite video game characters fight each other, who would win?
Your favorite antagonist and protagonist?
What’s your favourite role playing game?
What’s your favourite sandbox game?
Favourite GTA game and why?
Do you prefer FIFA or FIFA street?
Least favourite GTA game and why?
Favourite Halo game?
Favourite call of duty game?
Favourite protagonist in call of duty?
Favourite antagonist in call of duty?
Battlefield or Call of duty?
Favourite game you like to play online?
World of Warcraft or Runescape?
LoL or Dota?
Burnout or forza?
What gaming genre is your favourite? (Driving, sports, shooting etc.)
What impact has videogames had on you?
Do you believe in PG ratings?
Would you allow your children or younger siblings to play violent games?
What impact do you think video games has had on the youth?
How would your life be like without video games?
Do you like realistic or unrealistic games?
Do you prefer fantasy games over realistic games?
What is the most gruesome game you’ve played?
What is your favourite stealth game?
If you could gain skills of any videogame character, who would it be?
How much time do you spend everyday playing video games?
Why do you play videogames?
Do you prefer playing online or split screen with two controllers?
When you play split screen games, who do you usually play with?
What is your favourite mode in Call of Duty? (Search & Destroy, capture the flag etc)
Free to play or pay to play games?
Do you prefer to play games with cheats or without cheats?
If you could use a cheat in real life, what cheat would it be?
How do you remember game cheats?
Do you try to remember game cheats or write them down on paper?
What difficulty do you like to play games in usually?
Would you play a game over again after finishing it?
How many times have you completed the same game?
How many games do you think you’ve completed so far?
If you were to play only one game series for the rest of your life, which one would it be?
If you could kill one main character from a game, who would it be and why?
Do you support villain or hero?
Favourite assassin’s creed character?
Favourite assassin’s creed villain?
Favourite assassin’s creed protoganist?
Which assassin’s creed game did you like the most and why?
Which assassin’s creed game you liked the least and why?
Do you think games can be educational?
How much money have you spent on videogames so far?
What is your favourite zombie videogame?
Left 4 dead or Resident evil?
GTA or Saints Row?
La Noire or Sleeping dogs?
Skyrim or Oblivion?
Need for speed or Burnout?
What team do you usually pick when playing FIFA?
What car do you usually pick when playing a street racing game?
Your favorite quote from a game?
What game do you think deserves a movie?
Which game did you used to play in your childhood?
What’s your favourite arcade game?
What’s your favourite first person shooting game?
What’s your favourite third person shooting game?
Do you play any game that you’re embarrassed to tell others about?
Social life or Gaming?
Would you pick your girlfriend or gaming?
What games do you have installed in your phone?
What is the most annoying game you’ve ever played?
What game do you usually play on your phone to pass time?
Do you think people who play games on phone deserve to be called “gamers”?
What is your favorite game to play on phone?
What is your least favorite game to play on phone?
Your top 5 favourite games on phone?
Favourite single player game on phone?
Favourite online game on phone?
What was the first video game you played?
What was the first game you played on console?
What was the first game you played on mobile?
At what age did you start gaming?
What was the first console you bought?
Who do you prefer to play games with?
Favourite browser game?
What was your least favourite browser game?
Favorite game on Facebook? (Farmville, cityville etc)
Favourite soundtrack in videogame?
When playing a game, do you prefer to do missions or just roam around?
How much time does it usually take you to complete a game?
If you could play as one GTA character only forever, who would it be?
What is your favourite cheat in GTA?
What car do you prefer to drive in GTA?
Hardest mission you’ve done in GTA?
Easiest mission you’ve done in GTA?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter A?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter B?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter C?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter D?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter E?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter F?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter G?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter H?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter I?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter J?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter K?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter L?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter M?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter N?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter O?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter P?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter S?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter Q?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter V?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter X?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter Y?
What’s your favourite game beginning with the letter Z?
Do you usually win or lose when playing against friends?
What are your parents inputs on you gaming?
What type of games do you like to play with your partner?
Do you enjoy sensor or controller games?
If you could get any game for free, which one would it be?
If you were to sell all your games, how much money do you think you’d make?
What expensive game have you regretted buying?
Where do you prefer to buy your videogames from?
Do you like taking turns to play when it comes to gaming?
What is your reaction when you lose a game?
What is your reaction when you win a game?
Do you prefer to game alone or with someone else?
Does gaming run in your genes?
How has gaming changed your life?
How do you think your life without gaming be like?
Do you take part in gaming tournaments or not?
What game are you the best at?
What game are you the worst at?
What do you think makes a game successful?
If you could remake one game, which one would it be and how would you remake it?
Your favourite phone?
What mobile model are you using at the moment?
Your favourite mobile brand?
Your favourite local mobile brand?
Your favourite foreign mobile brand?
Favourite under rated mobile?
Least favourite over rated mobile?
Samsung or Apple?
If you could get any phone for free, which one would it be?
If you had the opportunity to switch your phone with a less better version but better brand, would you switch?
What impact do you think phone’s have had on the world?
Life without smartphone be like?
Have you ever did a prank call on anyone? If so, who and how did you prank them?
What was their reaction?
Have you ever been prank called?
What was your reaction?
Favourite smartphone logo?
Your favourite iphone?
Your favourite samsung phone?
Your favourite motorola phone?
Do you prefer iOS, Android or Windows?
What is your phone’s OS?
Where do you usually download your apps from?
Have you ever made an app of your own? If so, what was the app about?
If you were to make an app, what would it be about?
How many apps do you usually download on a daily basis?
How many apps do you have installed at the moment?
Name 3 apps you use the most on your phone?
Name 3 apps you’ve installed on your phone, but use the least?
Worst app you’ve installed?
Do you prefer free or paid apps?
Have you bought any paid apps? If so which?
Most expensive paid app you bought and were you satisfied with it?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter A?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter B?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter C?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter D?
What’s your favourite mobile appbeginning with the letter E?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter F?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter G?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter H?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter I?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter J?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter K?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter L?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter M?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter N?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter O?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter P?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter S?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter Q?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter V?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter X?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter Y?
What’s your favourite mobile app beginning with the letter Z?
How do you usually take your photos? (With camera, phone? etc)
What software do you use to backup your photos?
Total number of photos you’ve in your gallery?
Do you password protect your phone?
If you do, why so?
How do you usually share stuff on your phone? Via bluetooth or Internet?
Have you any hidden files on your phone? If so, what are they?
What do you usually do on your phone?
Do you prefer PC or Phone?
If you could use only PC or Phone for the rest of the life, what would you pick?
What operating system do you use on your PC?
Favourite windows?
Least-favourite windows?
Mac or Windows?
Linux or Windows?
What changes would you like to make to your current operating system?
What are your computer’s specs?
What do you usually do on PC?
Do you prefer PC or console for gaming?
If you were to use only one operating system for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you were to invent an OS of your own, how would it be like?
If you were to make changes to a OS, what would they be?
If you were to rename a OS, what would they be?
Tabs or smartphones and why?
How many hours do you use your phone on a daily basis?
Do you regret using your phone that much?
What positive impact do you think phone has had on everyone?
What negative impact do you think phone has had on everyone?
If you were to invent a smartphone of your own, how would it be like?
What would you name your own smartphone?
How much would you price your phone?
How much did you buy your current smartphone for?
Your thoughts on the prices of smartphones, whether they’re fair prices or not?
Do you buy phones based on their looks or how they work?
Post a picture of your phone’s cover?
What type of cover do you use?
Is your phone protected?
What type of password your phone has?
Where do you usually get your music from?
How many songs are in your phone’s playlist?
Where do you stream music videos?
Subway Surfer or Temple Run?
Highest score you’ve achieved on Subway surfer?
Highest score you’ve achieved on Temple run?
Do you prefer music in mp3 or video format?
Which singer’s songs you’ve the most on your phone?
Any embarrassing thing you have on your phone that you don’t want others to know?
At what age did you start using phone?
Whatsapp or Facebook Messenger?
Viber or Skype?
Instagram or Snapchat?
Twitter or Facebook?
Highest likes you’ve got on Instagram?
Highest retweets/favourites you’ve got on Twitter?
Highest followers you’ve got on any social networking?
Where do you usually get your tweets from?
Apart from socializing, what else do you use Facebook for?
Apart from viewing/uploading photos on Instagram, what do you use it for?
If you were to recieve a call from an unknown number, would you attend it? If someone annoys you on phone, who do you usually go to?
What SIM do you use?
What packages do you use on phone?
How much data do you spend everyday usually?
Maximum data you’ve spent?
What do you usually spend your data on?
What app do you use the most on your phone?
What app do you use the least on your phone?
Do you take care of your phone or not?
How many times have your phone fell but survived?
How many times have you broken your phone?
How many times have you cracked the screen?
How many phones have you bought in your lifetime?
What phone have you used the longest?
What phone have you used the least time?
Any phone you bought but regret buying it?
How many mega-pixels is your phone’s camera?
If you could call one person for the rest of your life only, who would it be?
Do you remember your own number?
Who’s numbers do you remember apart from your own?
How do you memorize your numbers?
Have you ever been stuck in a bad situation but had no phone?
How many signal bars do you usually get in your room?
What service provider do you think is the best and why so?

